Homework

1. Write a program that reads three whole numbers and display the average of the 3 numbers.
 
2. Convert Celsius to Fahrenheit and from Fahrenheit to Celsius.  No need of if statements.
 
3. Allow the user to enter a 3 digit number and display the number in reverse order.  
For example, if the user enters the number 426 then your output will be 624.  
Use modules for this problem.  The user input should be only one number with 3 digits 
in other words a number from 100 to 999.
 
 
4. Many private water wells produce only 1 or 2 gallons of water per minute.  
One way to avoid running out of water with these low-yield wells is to use a holding tank.  
A family of 4 will use about 250 gallons of water per day.  However, there is a 
"natural" water holding tank in the casing (i.e. the hole) of the well itself.  
The deeper the well, the more water that will be stored that can be pumped out 
for household use.  But how much water will be available?

Write a program that allows the user to input the radius of the well casing in inches 
(a typical well will have a 3-inch radius) and the depth of the well in feet 
(assume water will fill this entire depth, although in practice that will not be true 
since the static water level will generally be 50 feet or more below the ground surface).  
The program should output the number of gallons stored in the well casing.  For your reference:
 
The volume of a cylinder is pr2h, where r is the radius and h is the height. 
1 cubic foot = 7.48 gallons of water.
 
For example, a 300-foot well full of water with a radius of 3 inches for the casing 
holds about 441 gallons of water - plenty for a family of 4.
 
 
5. Create a program that simulates a vending machine.  Allow the user to enter 
the price of the item in the vending machine.  Assume that the prices of the items 
in the vending machine don't exceed 1 dollar.  Assume the vending machine only takes 
single dollars.  The output of your program is your change.  Your change will be quarters, 
dimes and nickels only.  Assume the price of an item is always a multiple of 5.  
Use modules. The following is a possible dialogue with the user:
 
Enter price of item: 45
 
You bought an item for 45 cents and gave me a dollar so your change is
2 quarters
0 dimes and
1 nickel

